HPKE fixes benign malleability attacks (#205)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

expected to hold if at the time of message reception, the sender private
key skS and the pre-shared key are not both compromised.

> HPKE mitigates the malleability problems (called benign malleability {{SECG}})
> in many previous ECIES standards by including all public keys
> in the context of the key derivation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPKE mitigates malleability problems (called benign malleability {{SECG}}) in prior
public key encryption standards based on ECIES by including all public keys in the
context key schedule.
```
